---
layout: post
title:      "changing my career"
date:       2018-09-20 16:05:08 +0000
permalink:  changing_my_career
---


I'll start with how I ended up in the career I've been in for nearly 15 years. I'm a fairly smart person. Most things had always come easy to me. My senior year of high school, while taking calculus II, I often tutored students in calculus I and I enjoyed it. I decided I wanted to be a higher level math teacher. I graduated high school and my parents decided it would be best for me to spend at least my first year at a local community college. I was taking a couple math classes that I should have probably tested out of. I had As in the class and was dropped due to attendance. At that point, I decided that college wasn't for me. My uncle is a landscape architect. He got me a job at the firm he worked for as an errand boy. I spent a lot of time there with little to do and sat at an empty computer and started playing with AutoCad. Someone noticed me doing so, and decided I could help them with some drawing corrections. This became the norm. I was no longer running errands. I was eventually given a full time job with benefits, managing and designing my own projects even. I realized I was being underpaid for what I was doing and got a job for another landscape architecture firm. I was doing a job that required a degree without one! I was very proud of this, and still am. I've bounced around from firm to firm, getting bored each time once I've run out of things to learn from them. I like being challenged. I'd come to a point in my life where I realized no new firm was going to challenge me the way I was craving. My wife, on my birthday, told me she’d planned a budget that would allow me to go back to school full time to do what I always wanted, which was teach math. I didn’t want to go into debt for an education to do a job that paid less than what I was making, so I started looking into trade schools. After doing some research and talking to a friend who’s a web developer, I started looking into coding bootcamps. I started working through a free one and really enjoyed it. It felt similar to playing through a difficult dungeon in The Legend of Zelda, frustrating, but rewarding upon completion. I googled “best coding bootcamps Houston” and came across Flatiron school. I read many rave reviews and decided to apply. I worked through a portion of the prep course which got me even more excited to get started. I quit my job before I even got accepted. Between the time of quitting my job and getting accepted, I read the acceptance rate was 8%. I’d be lying if I said that didn’t scare me. I was very nervous, but I got accepted and it has been a very rewarding adventure so far. 

